Hello future Devayan as you're 1 month into Udacity's Front-End Developer 
Nanodegree! Just thought I'd drop in a few lines on how I foresee things 
both in the immediate and somewhat distant future.

The background on establishing a Web developer mindset taught me that both 
the pioneers of the World Wide Web and developers at Udacity faced several 
trials and tribulations to perfect their code and design. A good set of 
problem-solving strategies to face those trials and tribulations  would 
include:

-Sleeping over the issue to ensure that enough down time is allowed for the 
neurons to rest and fire-up again.

-Googling the issue has far more potential than I previously would have 
expected.

-Stackoverflow (the website I sort of despised) has even more potential 
than I had previously thought of.

Joyce Akiko's reference to Martocchio's study stands out the most to me! 
Focusing on a growth mindset over a fixed mindset can not only detach the 
label; 'failure' from one's personality, it would eventually inculcate the 
habit of entering every coding task as a learning experience as opposed to 
succeeding or failing. Thinking positive, thinking in questions and 
assessing someone based on the amount/degree of effort they've put in to 
become a successful developer are thinking strategies which I'd like to 
actively implement.

An important take away from Cathy Bechler's article about the coding 
Emotional Roller Coaster is the visual of the 'grief' cycle which applies 
to software development tasks. I accept that I would start off with great 
enthusiam, face struggles along the way, experience self-doubt, take 
time-off, go back to research and eventually be successful in my coding 
task at hand.  This too resonates with the Martocchio study wherein it's 
important to maintain a Growth Mindset as I find myself roll and slip at 
different parts of the coding cycle.

In terms of setting goals, I would want myself to not only set enough time 
to learn, research and code the project tasks but have enough time to 
'sleep over' what I've put together, obtain feedback from the forums and 
revise my work as best as possible.

I would like to generalize this same strategy of allocating enough revision 
time into my long term goals too, be it researching for jobs in the very 
near future and even while working in a job, after I land one. Personally, 
a dream job for me would be one where I can keep learning in a positive 
development environment. Presently, I do not have an idea of a specific 
project that I would really like to work on but if I get to work with 
projects associated with the automobile industry, then that would be a plus 
point because I love cars!

A question which I have on mind presently about the Front End Web 
Development degree is how much would it be able to help me reach my 
potential as a good front-end developer? I suppose I myself would be in a 
position to answer that question - but not at this point - only after I 
finish the degree with everyone's pointers, guidance and recommendations at 
Udacity and the forums!